Episode 72 Three Methods Update (#1044)
Bittu5134/ORV-Reader: chapters/orv/chap_00378.txt

The one to reveal himself from the darkness was Bilston Framer, the only knight she acknowledged in this kingdom.
"Erich-nim."
Bilston took a step towards 'her'. 'She' got startled and quickly issued her warning. "Take one more step, and I shall cut off the Fourth Prince's head."

> 'This is a trap. I must escape from here.'
> Erich thought like that and scanned the exit to the training ground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a trap. I must escape from here – Erich thought like that and scanned the exit to the training ground.
```
